[expo-updates] Fix headers location in expo-updates multipart response spec (#15495)
expo/expo: docs/pages/technical-specs/expo-updates-0.md

### Multipart Manifest Response

A manifest response of this format is defined by the `multipart/mixed` MIME type as defined by [RFC 2046](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2046#section-5.1).

> Headers for this response format are the same as [manifest response headers](#manifest-response-headers), with the exception of `content-type`, which is specified in the `multipart/mixed` MIME type as defined by [RFC 2046](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2046#section-5.1).

Reviewer: "Media type" is the standard name for these types (since MIME referred to email):
```suggestion
Headers for this response format are the same as [manifest response headers](#manifest-response-headers), with the exception of `content-type`, which is specified in the `multipart/mixed` media type as defined by [RFC 2046](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2046#section-5.1).
```
(Also is "specified in" what you meant to say here, or something else?)

Author: ```suggestion
Headers for this response format are the same as [manifest response headers](#manifest-response-headers), with the exception of `content-type`, which is specified as the `multipart/mixed` media type as defined by [RFC 2046](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2046#section-5.1).
```
